Feb 2023 What's New (#1307)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2023-02/02-Enriched Categories.md

---
pim_announcement_img: ./img/enriched-categories-tree-list.png

> pim_announcement_alt_img: Enrich Categories to create more impactful product showcases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pim_announcement_alt_img: Enrich Categories to showcase your products with greater impact
```

pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
- GE
---

# Enriched Categories
::: meta-data type="New" features="Productivity" available="February" in="EE,GE" link-to-doc="..enrich-your-category.html"

> Create more impactful showcases for product lines and deliver consistent and compelling product experiences across all sales channels by enriching categories with e-merchandising information such as images, descriptions and SEO content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create more impactful experiences for your customers on your S2C site. Give customers access to more information about specific product lines, categories or sub-categories. With Enriched Categories you can leverage e-merchandising information such as images, descriptions and SEO content to better inform your buyers.
```
